			    Pooh goes visiting


Pooh always liked a little something at eleven o'clock  in the morning, and
he was  very glad to see Rabbit  getting out the  plates and mugs; and when
Rabbit said, 'Honey  or condensed milk with your  bread?' he was  so exited
that  he said, 'Both' and then,  so as not to  seem  greedy, he added, 'But
don't bother about the bread, please.'

And for a long time after that he  said nothing...until at last, humming to
himself in a  rather sticky voice, he got  up, shook Rabbit lovingly by the
paw, and   said that  he  must  be   going  on.  'Must  you?' said   Rabbit
politely. 'Well,' said  Pooh, 'I could stay  a little longer if it-if you-'
and he tried very hard to look in the direction of the larder. 'As a matter
of fact,' said  Rabbit, 'I was going  out myself directly.' 'Oh well, then,
  fdsjfslaI'll be going on. Good bye.' 'Well good bye, if  you're sure you won't have
any more.' 'Is there any more?' asked  Pooh quickly. Rabbit took the covers
of the  dishes, and said 'No,  there  wasn't.' 'I thought  not,' said Pooh,
nodding to himself. 'Well Good-bye, I must be going on.'

So he started to climb out of the hole. He pulled  with his front paws, and
pushed with his back paws,  and in a little while  his nose was in the open
again ... and then  his ears ...  and then his front paws  ... and then his
shoulders ...  and then-'Oh, help!' said   Pooh, 'I'd better go  back,' 'Oh
bother!'  said Pooh, 'I shall   have to go  on.'  'I can't do either!' said
Pooh, 'Oh help and bother!' ...

...Christopher Robin nodded. 'Then there's only one thing to be done,'
he said. 'We shall have to wait for you to get  thin again.' 'How long
does getting thin take?' asked Pooh  anxiously. 'About a week I should
think.' 'But I  can't stay here for  a week!' 'You  can  stay here all
right,  silly old Bear. It's getting  you out  which is so difficult.'
'We'll read to  you,'  said Rabbit cheerfully.   'And I hope it  won't
snow,' he added. 'And I say, old fellow,  you're taking up a good deal
of  room in my  house -  do you  mind if  I  use your  back legs  as a
towel-horse? Because, I mean, there they are - doing  nothing - and it
would be very convenient  just to hang  the towels on them.  'A Week!'
said  Pooh gloomily. 'What about  meals?'  'I'm afraid no meals,' said
Christopher Robin, 'because of getting thin  quicker. But we will read
to you.' Bear began to sigh, and then found he couldn't because he was
so tightly stuck;  and a tear rolled down  his eye, as  he said: 'Then
would you read  a Sustaining Book,  such  as would help and  comfort a
Wedged Bear in Great Tightness?' So for a  week Christopher Robin read
that sort of   book at the North  end  of Pooh,  and  Rabbit hung  his
washing on  the South end... and in  between Bear felt himself getting
slenderer and slenderer. And at the end  of the week Christopher Robin
said,

'Now!'

So  he  took hold   of  Pooh's front  paws  and  Rabbit  took hold  of
Christopher Robin, and all Rabbit's friends and relations took hold of
Rabbit, and they all pulled together ... And for a long time Pooh only
said 'Ow!' ... And 'Oh!' ... And then, all of a  sudden he said 'Pop!'
just if a cork were coming out of a bottle.  And Christopher Robin and
Rabbit and all relations went head-over-heels  backwards ...and on top
of them  came Winnie-the-Pooh -  free! So with  a nod of thanks to his
friends, he went on with his  walk through the forest, humming proudly
to himself. But Christopher Robin looked  after him lovingly, and said
to himself 'Silly Old Bear!'

	
		      Tigger Comes to the Forest

Winnie-the-Pooh woke up suddenly in the middle of the night and
listened. Then he got out of bed, and lit his candle, and stumped
across the room to see if anybody was trying to get into his
honey-cupboard, and they weren't, so he stumped back again, blew out
his candle, and got into bed. Then he heard the noise again. 'Is that
you, Piglet?' he said. But it wasn't. 'Come in, Christopher Robin!' he
said. But Christopher Robin didn't. 'Tell me about it to-morrow,
Eeyore,' said Pooh sleepily. But the noise went
on. 'Worraworraworraworraworra,' said Whatever-it-was, and Pooh found
that he wasn't asleep after all.

'What can it be?' he thought. 'there are lot of noises in the Forest,
but this is a different one. It isn't a growl, and it isn't a purr,
and it isn't a bark, and it isn't the noise- you- make- before-
beginning- a- piece- of- poetry, but it's a noise of some kind, made
by a strange animal! And he's making it outside my door. So I shall
get up and ask him not to do it.'

He got out of bed and opened his front door. 'Hallo!'  said Pooh, in
case there was anything outside. 'Hallo!' said Whatever-it-was. 'Oh',
said Pooh, 'Hallo!' 'Hallo!' 'Oh, there you are!' said Pooh, 'Hallo!'
'Hallo!'  said the strange animal, wondering how long this was going
on. Pooh was just going to say 'Hallo!' for the fourth time when he
thought that he wouldn't, so he said, 'Who is it?' instead. 'Me,' said
a voice. 'Oh!'  said Pooh. 'Well, come here.' So Whatever-it-was came
here, and in the light of the candle he and Pooh looked at each
other. 'I'm Pooh,' said Pooh. 'I'm Tigger,' said Tigger...

 ...Pooh and Piglet walked slowly after him. And as they walked Piglet
    said nothing, because he couldn't think of anything, and Pooh said
nothing, because he was thinking of a poem. And when he had thought of
it he began:

	      What shall we do about poor little Tigger?
	  If he never eats nothing, he'll never get bigger.
	   He doesn't like honey and haycorns and thistles
	  Because of the taste and because of the bristles.
	    And all the good things which an animal likes
	  Have the wrong sort of swallow or too many spikes.

    'He's quite big enough anyhow,' said Piglet. 'He isn't really very
big.' 'Well, he seems so,' Pooh was thoughtful when he heard this, and
the murmured to himself:

		  But whatever his weight in pounds,
			shillings, and ounces,
		    He always seems bigger because
			   of his bounces.

 'And that's the whole poem,' he said. 'Do you like it, Piglet?' 'All
 except the shillings,' said Piglet. 'I don't think they ought to be
there.' 'They wanted to come in after the pounds,' explained Pooh, 'so
I let them. It is the best way to write poetry, letting things come.'
		  'Oh, I didn't know,' said Piglet.

Tigger had been bouncing in front of them all this time, turning round
every now and then and ask, 'Is this the right way?'-and now at last
they came in sight of Kanga's house, and there was Christopher
Robin. Tigger rushed up to him. 'Oh, there you are, Tigger!' said
Christopher Robin. 'I knew you'd be somewhere.' 'I've been finding
things in the Forest,' said Tigger importantly. 'I've found a Pooh and
a Piglet and an Eeyore, but I can't find any breakfast!'


		    Tiggers don't climb the trees

Of course they can. Tiggers can  do everything.' 'Can they climb trees
better then  Pooh?' asked Roo,  stopping under the tallest  Pine Tree,
and looking up at it. 'Climbing trees is  what they do the best,' said
Tigger. 'Much   better  then  Poohs.' 'Could  they   climb  this one?'
'They're always climb trees like that,' said Tigger.  'Up and down all
day.'  'Oo Tigger,  are  they really?'  'I'll show   you,' said Tigger
bravely, 'and you can sit on my back and watch me.' For all the things
which he   had said Tiggers   could do,  the only one   he felt really
certain about suddenly was climbing trees.

'Oo, Tigger-oo, Tigger-oo. Tigger!' squeaked Roo  excitedly. So he sat
on Tigger's back and up they went.  And for the  first ten feet Tigger
said happily  to himself,  'Up we go!'  And for  the next ten  feet he
said: 'I always said Tiggers could climb  trees.' And for the next ten
feet  he said: 'Not  that it's easy, mind  you.'  And for the next ten
feet he said: 'Of course, there's the coming down too. Backwards.' And
then he said: 'Which will  be difficult...' 'Unless one fell...' 'When
it would be...' 'EASY.'

And at the word  'easy', the branch he  was standing on broke suddenly
and he just managed to clutch at the one above  him as he felt himself
going...and then slowly he  got his chin  over it...and then one  back
paw...and then  the other...until   at  last  he  was sitting  on  it,
breathing  very  quickly,  and  wishing  that  he  gone   for swimming
instead. Roo climbed off, and  sat down next  to him. 'Oo, Tigger,' he
said excitedly, 'are we at the top?' 'No,' said  tigger. 'Are we going
to the top?' 'NO,' said Tigger...

...'There's something in  one of the Pine  Trees.' 'So there is!' said
Pooh, looking up wonderingly. 'There's  an animal.' Piglet took Pooh's
arm, in case Pooh was frightened. 'Is it one  of the Fiercer Animals?'
he said, looking  the  other way. Pooh nodded.  'It's  a Jagular,'  he
said.   'what  do  Jagulars   do?' asked  Piglet,   hoping  that  they
wouldn't. 'They hide in the branches of trees,  and drop on you as you
go underneath,'  said Pooh. 'Christopher  Robin told me.'  'Perhaps we
better hadn't  go  underneath,  Pooh. In  case  he   dropped and  hurt
himself.' 'They don't hurt themselves, ' said Pooh. 'They're such very
good droppers.'

Piglet still felt that to be underneath a Very Good Dropper would be a
mistake,  and he was  just going to  hurry back for something which he
had forgotten  when the Jagular  called out to  them. 'Help! Help!' it
called.   'That's    what   Jagulars always do,'     said   Pooh, much
interested. 'They call  "Help! Help!" and then  when you look up, they
drop on you,' 'I'm   looking down,' cried  Piglet  loudly, so  as  the
Jagular  shouldn't  do the  wrong thing   by accident. Something  very
excited next to the Jagular heard  him, and squeaked: Pooh and Piglet!
Pooh and Piglet!' All of  sudden Piglet felt that  it was a much nicer
day  then he  had   thought it was.   All  warm and sunny-'Pooh!'   he
cried. 'I believe it's Tigger and Roo!'
